Created CONTRIBUTING.md (#44)
huak-rs/huak: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

Contributing
--------------

We appriciate your interest in contributing to our project! 

To contribute first check the [issues](https://github.com/cnpryer/huak/issues) for an existing issue, or create a new issue
yourself. Make sure that if you are trying to contribute that noone is already working on the issue.
You can also join our [discord server](https://discord.gg/KjHdBaBGhm) for more resources, and to ask questions.

> **1.** After assigning yourself to an issue, make a fork of the repository for your work

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**1.** After being assigned to an issue, make a fork of the repository for your work
```

Contributing
--------------

We appriciate your interest in contributing to our project! 

> To contribute first check the [issues](https://github.com/cnpryer/huak/issues) for an existing issue, or create a new issue

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To contribute first check the [issues](https://github.com/huak-rs/huak/issues) for an existing issue, or create a new issue
```
